Added a new TranslationProvider for initializing translations for external use of NeetoUI (#2249)
bigbinary/neeto-ui: stories/Introduction/TranslationProvider.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs";

<Meta
  title="Internationalization"
  parameters={{
    viewMode: "docs",
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: { hidden: true },
    },
  }}
/>

# Internationalization

The default language of NeetoUI is currently English(en). If you wish to use other languages, follow the instructions below.

## TranslationProvider

The `TranslationProvider` component integrates internationalization (i18n) support for NeetoUI components in your React application using `react-i18next`.

> NeetoUI supports multiple languages internally, including English (en), Spanish (es), French (fr), German (de), Dutch (nl), Polish (pl), and Portuguese (pt).

Reviewer: Move this sentence under the Internationalization heading.

### Usage

To use the `TranslationProvider`, wrap your application using the `TranslationProvider` component and provide the required props.

```jsx
import React from "react";
import TranslationProvider from "@bigbinary/neetoui/TranslationProvider";

const App = () => {
  return (
    <TranslationProvider
      language="en" // Specify the selected language
    >
      {/* Your application components */}
      <div>
        <h1>Welcome to My App</h1>
        {/* Other components */}
      </div>
    </TranslationProvider>
  );
};

export default App;
```

The `TranslationProvider` component accepts the following props:

- `language` (string): The language to use.
  >> Note: The `language` prop is optional. If not provided, the default language is set to `en`.

# Using translation files from NeetoUI

> NeetoUI supports multiple languages internally, including English (en), Spanish (es), French (fr), German (de), Dutch (nl), Polish (pl), and Portuguese (pt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can integrate resources from NeetoUI found in the `@bigbinary/neetoui/translations` directory by merging them with your current resources.

### Integration Example:

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { initReactI18next } from "react-i18next";
import i18n from "i18next";
import { resources as NeetoUIResources } from "@bigbinary/neetoui/translations";

const resources = {
  en: {
    translation: {
      // Your application's existing translations
    }
  }
  ...NeetoUIResources // Merge NeetoUI translations with your existing translations
};

// Initialize i18next
i18n
  .use(initReactI18next) // passes i18n down to react-i18next
  .init({
    resources: resources,
    // Other i18next configuration options
  });

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Welcome to My App</h1>
      {/* Your application components */}
    </div>
  );
};

export default App;

```

# Adding new language

> NeetoUI supports multiple languages internally, including English (en), Spanish (es), French (fr), German (de), Dutch (nl), Polish (pl), and Portuguese (pt).
> 
> If your language is not in above list, feel free to create a locale package based on the [en](https://github.com/bigbinary/neeto-ui/blob/src/translations/en.json) language pack and send us a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your language is not in the supported list, feel free to create a locale package based on the [en](https://github.com/bigbinary/neeto-ui/blob/src/translations/en.json) language pack and send us a pull request.
```
